docs: document AI-Q 2.2 candidate scope (#322)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq-research-assistant: docs/source/deployment/aws-opensearch-serverless.md

AI-Q can use the built-in OpenSearch knowledge backend with Amazon OpenSearch Serverless vector collections. The backend
uses SigV4 service `aoss`, creates one OpenSearch index per AI-Q collection/session, and supports Dask ingestion workers

> by creating the OpenSearch client inside the worker process. See [Knowledge Layer](../customization/knowledge-layer.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by creating the OpenSearch client inside the worker process. Refer to [Knowledge Layer](../customization/knowledge-layer.md).
```
